I was wondering why so many things
have been happening lately
Turns out you were the one
pulling all the strings
Why?
Then let me ask you a question
I’ll tell you why
Where is Le Le?
I'm asking you
Where is my son?
Say it
Why won't you say it?
I’ll tell you why
June 3rd
I had a fever for half a month straight
Dad seemed really busy
I feel so unwell
Am I going to die?
Duan Xiao Jian
My son, he’s dead
After half a month straight
Why didn’t you take him to the hospital?
No
I didn’t not take him to the hospital
I just...
I just thought...
I thought it was just a fever—he wouldn't die
Or maybe you were afraid he’d disturb
your night with Su Man
That boy was your son
He was your flesh and blood,
your biological child
How could you treat him like that?
You bastard
Enough
The boy didn’t die of a fever
What did you say?
Listen
Give me the card
I’ll tell you how your son
really died